Edit OVS Plugin (#133)
apache/cloudstack-documentation: source/plugins/ovs-plugin.rst

Table: Supported Services

.. note::
   If you wish to use OVS as the default networking backend on Linux,
   just follow this guide and CloudStack will automatically pick it up

>    based on the configuration in the agent.properties file despite the
>    OVS Plugin not shown in the Network Service Providers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   based on the configuration in the agent.properties file. This in spite
   of the OVS Plugin not being shown in the Network Service Providers.
```
